I've gotten statements from Olga to
put them live family Okay, I'll get to
it, okay, I want to explain. This is
probably going to be a bit long. It's
probably a bit
long because the truth is that there is a lot of
information, but I'm going to try to
explain it in the simplest way
possible, at least so that it is
easier to digest. I'm going to explain it
so that it is clear. What is the
information? In reality, I was going to record a
video with my cell phone. The thing is, it's
better if I show you some
screenshots and some clicks and some things so
that all the
information is clear because since the
judicial information is coming out, it shouldn't come out blindly, let it
come out in its entirety. Okay, I'm going to explain
something very simple to you, okay, before
starting with everything, I did my homework this afternoon.
Although I was going to rest this
afternoon, I did my homework, okay, here you
have a folder called the first
lawsuit, cover of 2016, second lawsuit,
portal, 2018, third lawsuit, cover of
2019, this lawsuit is very supposed. Now
I will explain it and the fourth lawsuit, which is the
deluxe, let's see in summary.  the lawsuits that have been
won are almost all the summary
ok the summary is the following the
first lawsuit in which it has just prevailed Okay
and Olga Moreno has won it
already firm meaning this one can no longer be
appealed okay the second lawsuit has also been
won by Olga Moreno both in the
first instance and in the
provincial court and the supreme court is still missing because
Rocío Carrasco evidently appealed
too okay at any moment
we have the result of this second
lawsuit this third lawsuit was
announced with great fanfare but
nobody can find any information
about this third lawsuit okay so
this third lawsuit is a cover from
2019 that the lawsuit was announced I think it was
never published meaning because the
media keeps information about this and
you lie they know nothing about this lawsuit
meaning this lawsuit was announced and the media
that reported the news say that there is
a lawsuit but it has not yet been
admitted for processing okay that's a
joke and now I'm going to explain it Okay
and the fourth lawsuit is the one that was the
trial last week which is the one that has
taken lettuce apart from these four
supposed lawsuits Rocío Carrasco had
with Olga Moreno a criminal complaint on
the issue of the revelation of Secret that has
also been filed and they have not
said anything in reading or in sálvame
or anywhere about these people so
that you understand it very simply because
I have been finding when I was
looking for the information finding that
depending on what the medium is they tell you
some things or they color it in another way okay
in the end it is telling you the same thing but
depending on the receiver of what I
put or what is not put Okay, well I
understand it one way or another
So what I always want is for
my audience Let's see, it's not that I am
giving you law classes here because
I am not a lawyer or jurist or
judge or anything like that,
the knowledge that I have I am
learning is I am always in
constant learning Because as I
dedicate myself to what I dedicate myself to, well I
inform myself and as I inform myself, well I have
read 800,000 sentences 800,000
lawsuits and more or less I understand how it
works Okay, when you file a
civil lawsuit you are not reporting a
crime okay  I mean, when you're
filing a civil lawsuit, the person
who has been sued, even if
convicted, has not committed a crime, what they
would have done would be a violation of
honor, which basically means that in
some public statements they have
made, they have damaged the image, the
prestige, the honor of the person, okay.
But that is not a crime, it means that you at the
same time damaged their honor. Well, basically,
with that lawsuit they are demanding money from you, there is
one piece of information that I have confirmed that is not what I
was saying these days in all the
magazines. The information is about 150,000
euros. In addition, I have the copies of the
lawsuit here. And this thing about the 150,000 euros, I
think it comes from something that is very
simple, okay, Olga Moreno, with all the
processes, both criminal and
civil, has been calm, not the
next thing, okay, I mean, super calm. I
say this sincerely, you know
that I have to say something that I don't
like or that I think Olga is wrong, whatever it
is, I'll tell you, okay. But
sincerely, Olga has been completely calm, both with one
process and with the others,
so much so that she files the
lawsuits and goes directly  to the
law firm that are the ones that understands that they
are the ones that manage it and I think she made a
mistake in the Sálvame Deluxe because she
said that in each lawsuit she asked for
150,000 I don't know if she was wrong
Because she was wrong, or rather, she got the
figure wrong, that's it or because there was also a
magazine, I don't remember if it was a week or a
reading that on the cover when
the lawsuits were announced this magazine on
the cover said 150,000 in each one
Okay, well it's not 150,000 it's 90,000
euros Rocío Carrasco in each lawsuit that she files against
Olga Moreno asks for
90,000 euros you have to be very clear about
one thing Okay, the civil lawsuits, which
are basically claiming Pacha, are always
admitted for processing, the ones that have to be
seen if they are admitted or filed are
the criminal ones, for
a criminal case to be admitted for processing there has to be some
indication that the judges say, okay, come on, let's take
a look, the prosecutors, we
're not going to take a look  a look to see if there's
anything no because it seems like there could be not
even that there's any indication okay
but normally a complaint not a
criminal complaint has to indicate something no why I do
n't know it's complicated okay there are
times when it slips through there are times when they
enter into processing criminal complaints that
are nonsense okay because hey because they worked really hard when
filing it they wrote it very well or
whatever and it slips through okay but then that doesn't
mean that there will be a trial okay because they
can admit it for processing then there's
a diligence but then there isn't maybe there's no
trial because the moment
there's a statement a hearing whatever
definitively Or provisionally
but it goes away [ __ ] goes away not like for
example this no like for example this thing about
the revelation of Secret But well
okay because I tell you and I clarify and I
emphasize the issue that civil complaints are
always admitted for processing because these
media, the ones that are on
Rocío Carrasco's side when they announce
Rocío Carrasco's lawsuits they always
admit them for processing  it has already been
admitted to the process, it's not that it has been
admitted to process son it's that
civil cases are always processed.
Right now if I feel like throwing
money away and giving it away. Well,
I can file a lawsuit against Ampari fg
because she just put three emojis in
the chat, okay, so Amparo. Look, Ampari
put three emotes in the chat and they
offend me, okay, I'll file a lawsuit, I
mean, I'll spend 6,000 euros on the lawyer, a
thousand on the attorney, another thousand on the
provision of funds, I'll spend 10,000 bucks,
no, that's what it costs to file it.
No, I'd spend that money to file
a lawsuit against Party and they'll admit it for
processing and they'll do it. Party has to
spend the money on a lawyer that will
cost based on what I ask for, you know, it
's a pain. So what's happening,
what happens is that Rocío Carrasco doesn't
file a lawsuit, no. I mean, she doesn't file a
lawsuit. Antonio David doesn't file a lawsuit.
Olga does not file a lawsuit against Raquel
Mosquera Rocio Carrasco always what she
does is she files one for each program
okay for example she
files two lawsuits against Raquel Mosquera which are two
interviews in which she is saying the
same thing damn file a lawsuit and you put
everything on Olga Moreno 4 it's not
four really it's three okay because there is
one that nobody knows where she is but
well she files three lawsuits for three
interviews or four for four
interviews let's see you file a
lawsuit and you put everything no no her why have you
done well to
economically suffocate the other because
because she is a millionaire the others no
based on what Olga is asking for she has to
spend those costs on the
lawyer while she is defending herself
and what is the problem Here the problem
here is that they are condemning Costa
later if you want we can do an
estimated calculation of what Rocio Carrasco has to pay
which is not little Okay now we are going
to explain to you part by part the lawsuits that she
has filed and how they are going I am going to ask you
all please okay since I
have worked hard This is okay  I'm going to ask you
all to please share
this video and this live,
share it everywhere but in a
sick way, okay, we don't have the
same impact as the media that
is skewing the information, so
share it but in a sick way,
take the link and share it on all your
Facebook statuses, share it in
all your Facebook groups,
share it on your Twitter accounts,
in your WhatsApp groups, every time
you go to a carrasquista or someone
who is saying that Olga made a
fool of herself in the trial, that she freaked out, that they
throw everything that is, boom, the link. So
be the most annoying in the world,
we want disgusting Pesado, okay, we want
disgusting Pesado, okay, let's let's see
the lawsuits, let's see the lawsuits and
since we're going to see the lawsuit, it
seems to me that there is a very important part
because when the news is given it must be
given in full, when the news is given it
must be given in full, what cannot
be is that these people always announce themselves with
great fanfare.  the lawsuits but
then the results of the lawsuits are
never known or they are given in media that
have less impact than the
main one, not than the original. No, look,
now there is no trial, you
know why they have released the exclusive, no,
this exclusive obviously comes
from Rocío Carrasco, you do not know
why they have released the exclusive, you know why they have
released the exclusive in
reading, trial, trial, the news is not
the trial, the news is then the sentence, the
news then the sentence.
But you know why? Because she knows that it is
very likely that she is going to lose that lawsuit
and since she is going to lose that lawsuit, she
is announcing the trial and
they are selling it, at least these days
as if it were a victory, I mean because they
sell it as a victory because there are
many people who are that stupid, they
have made headlines announcing lawsuits,
not even before it reached me, they
would have filed
lawsuits against me and the headlines were in the
press completely biased as if I
were already guilty before it even
reached me and people have shouted at me. It
was about time, it was about time that it
reached you.  karma bravo for all the damage
let's see what karma [ __ ] what
karma It was about time that
a lawsuit reaches me a lawsuit can reach me
every weekend if you want what you
have to do is win it I
'm very calm always I'm very
calm super calm Well it turns out that there
are four lawsuits that
Rocío has supposedly filed against Olga one per
interview each Olga's first lawsuit
this first lawsuit is the one that
corresponds to the one she just won
firmly What does firm mean I'm also going to
explain today it's a
bit of a legal class but I'm going to explain it
so that you always know and so
that they don't manipulate so that the media doesn't manipulate you
and so that the poets don't manipulate you
listen to me the truth is that they are always the ones
who manipulate when you file a
lawsuit normally there are three instances
What does three instances mean Well that
is after the trial the first
instance in the court of that is why the
court of first instance not trial and
the judge makes the first sentence that
sentence can stay there but
normally it is very rare that it stays  there
because no one is satisfied if it is not
one the other is not satisfied it cannot
stay there Depending on the
result, for example, what I tell you
is that I do not believe that the claims that I
have do not appeal and I lose okay I do not
believe it it has to be that they condemn me to 100
euros and I say
take it 100 euros and leave me alone the
trials have three instances
normally okay that is why
judicial matters take so long or I mean that is why
a judicial matter maybe sticks
between 5 and 10 years because when you file
the civil claim is worth between that between there
is a trial and not, it takes approximately a year
or more, a year or two, not
somewhere in the middle there is the response to
the claim, the preliminary hearing anyway
after the trial two months more or
less two weeks one month two months is worth more
or less in that scale, it has the
first sentence that is why this trial
that happened last week
surely before the end of the year we
will have the sentence that
Olga will surely also win, then
I will explain why that
first instance sentence is valid if any of the
parties  If you do not agree, you appeal to
the provincial court, which is made up of three
judges, to ask for a second opinion. The
provincial court usually takes
approximately one or two years to
respond. Once they respond, they ratify
the sentence or completely change the
result. This has happened many times, for
example, Irene Montero sued a journalist who
published a poem, who wrote a poem about her,
not saying that she unzipped her
fly for Pablo Iglesias and others, and
in the first instance, the
writers were sentenced to 70,000 euros. Well, in the
second instance, in the supreme court, they
sentenced Irene Montero to pay the costs, that
is, imagine how things can change for you
from the first instance to
any of the others. Okay, this
has nothing to do with it. I am in the
provincial court either. One of the parties
agrees and appeals, well, it goes to the
supreme court. The supreme court usually takes two or three
years. It is very rare that it takes less. Okay, it
can even take five years, I mean, it's
crazy, that's why the sentence that
we have now is final, this one,
although it is a cover from 2016, the
lawsuit was filed in 2019, if I'm not
mistaken, I don't know if in  2019 2018 could have
been 2018 okay the
first and second were put together look at you I mean he
puts them both together he could have
put them in one and he puts them both
together because he puts them to screw around No
good In total this is the one in which now you ca
n't appeal of course
The money increases that is very good information
Jordi that now I will explain also the
money if you keep appealing Then if you
lose it's worse You end up spending
a lot more money This is the one that
Olga has won right now that he to whom we are
giving so much Look at my Paula on the
cover is that who is going to lose a
lawsuit that you file against this cover
let's go it's that they condemn this cover and and I will
pay it if necessary this one has
won now Olga firm or in other words Rocío
Carrasco cannot appeal now Rocío
Carrasco this one has to pay the
costs Ok a photo look what
vanity published of the lawsuit Look at the first
instance of Alcobendas okay
September 3, 2018 okay the lawsuit is
filed against Olga  Moreno and rb to magazines
as if she were the owner of the magazine
semana to rba they also usually because
rba is not the owner of the magazine semana
okay it is only a distributor I think
and look as you can see it is 90,000 euros okay it is
90,000 euros it always asks for euros what
more do we have Well look at the first and such
will be dismissed and the provincial court
of Madrid of the appeal of
Rocío Carrasco is estimated everything is fine regarding a
cover in the magazine semana in which
Olga Moreno said that for
my husband's children I am not their mother I am their
salvation the daughter of Rocío Jurado
considered that these words and the
defendant violated her honor with the
revelation of certain details of her
personal life related to her wedding with
Fidel alveac but the court of first
instance of Alcobenda dismissed her
case It does not specify in the lawsuit What
specific facts of those reported
constitute an illegitimate interference in the
privacy of the plaintiff the
plaintiff herself had allegedly publicized her
future marriage to which  She
refers to it in the interview so she
had not totally removed her
private life from public knowledge On the
other hand, the distancing of the
chora and the children and their non-attendance
at her wedding was a fact well
known to regular readers and viewers
here basically what
this lady is telling you is what she
is saying the law and the
right So she herself is
selling these things in the magazine here they
refer to that Rocío Flores on her
Twitter made publications saying that
my mother's name is Olga what I want to
show you are the things that were said
that the judges have considered that they do not
violate the honor of Rocío Carrasco, in other
words, telling this to Rocío Carrasco It is
legal no matter how much she wants to say the
opposite that Olga has acted as a mother to
these children that Olga has been the
salvation of these children and that
Rocío Carrasco has not acted as a
mother because not even the children have
gone to the wedding and they have and people can have an
opinion about the distance she has with
her children okay And now this lawsuit was
dismissed in the first instance in
February 2020 the provincial court
ratifies the  sentence and dismisses it and
the supreme court has
just dismissed it definitively okay gives a slap on the wrist to Fidel Alvear's wife by highlighting that she herself has conducted interviews for gossip magazines and has put at risk the privacy that he so jealously defends by putting her in successive interviews okay so
basically this woman does
extravagant scandalous things to
sell herself in magazines and on
gossip TV shows and
then tries to defend an honor and a
privacy that she doesn't have
Oh okay okay okay okay
here is the clarification of the 150,000
euros about 50,000 euros it would be if it were
90,000 euros plus costs 90,000 euros
pets That is the application that
fits me doing more or less the calculation
what I think things could be here
okay I think the costs here would be
between 40 and 60,000 euros around there
I would say that is the range because it
is 90,000 euros what she is asking for the costs
are based on a percentage  of
what is requested and then you have to
add the resources, I have been told that
reaching the Supreme Court costs about
10,000 more bucks, so Rocío Carrasco
has to pay for this complaint
apart from what she has spent on
filing it and so on, and the provision of funds
and so on, Rocío Carrasco is made. Now she
has to pay approximately
between 40 and 60,000 euros, of
which Olga Moreno will recover what she
has spent on defending herself and the rest will
go to her lawyer, to the
law firm, okay, I imagine that is the
agreement that she already has with her
firm. That is the first lawsuit, okay,
first lawsuit,
chimpún, it's over. There is nothing left to
scrape together, okay, second lawsuit, this second
lawsuit is that you know what happens
when they give the news, they
mix one lawsuit with another, let's see. In
short, the summary of all this is
that she is losing them all. If
you want to, don't make a mess and mix the
four or five lawsuits, she will lose them all,
okay, it seems very important to me.
remember them because with this the judge
is not telling you who is right or
who is wrong the judge
is telling you with this is what it
is legal to tell Rocío Carrasco do you
understand me in this lawsuit that she files it on the
same day man, I mean she files the two
lawsuits together, the two lawsuits are
filed and she presents it on the same day and they are
admitted on the same day and everything is valid, I
mean, they file both lawsuits together, damn Put
one, damn Put one and it makes more of a fuss you
have not understood okay, I mean, like
what I want to tell you, she
files both lawsuits at the same time because this
lawsuit was already dismissed in the first
instance by both the plaintiff and the
defendant. The judge argues that she has
conducted interviews for celebrity magazines, she
is the daughter of Mrs. Rocío Jurado,
being a public figure since
birth, it is also assured in the sentence
that all of Olga's statements
in the interview are subjective, that there
is no vexatious intent and therefore there is no
express interference with any of
the plaintiff's rights despite the
efforts made in recent years to
keep certain
privacy thresholds Rocío Carrasco is famous from
birth and therefore has limited
rights to honor and above all to
privacy and in February 2020 it was
also dismissed in the
provincial court okay This is appealed and we
are waiting for the resolution of the
supreme court which could be at
any time because if this was in
2020 in February 2020
the provincial court came out if Rossito has
appealed it a few months we will have again
news that Olga Moreno has won
a lawsuit that is important here that we
read and remember what Olga said
in that interview what Olga said in
that interview and the judges have
considered that it does not violate Rosito's honor
okay or is it legal to say it
Rocío Flores has so much damage inside for
her father for her brother you know what her
mother is like and you know that she will go to the end
Rocío also does not understand that she feels that her
mother does not love her it is very painful this is
said by Olga Moreno and
this is considered freedom of expression Rocío does not
understand that she feels that her mother does not
love her it is very  painful my husband
blames Fidel a lot he has done a lot of harm
to the children he has done a lot of harm to the
children freedom of expression okay today
I speak because I owe it to those children and
although I may be criticized I am clear
that a mother who does not love her children does
not love anyone
[Music]
freedom of expression has been considered by
many judges even the Supreme Court
Ah no this one has not arrived the
Supreme Court But well we are about to this
has arrived to the provincial court
this one we are waiting for the appeal from the
Supreme Court okay to the Supreme Court in first
instance and in the provincial court
this has been considered freedom of
expression okay He is not going to
tell you this reading I am explaining it to you
because this is not going to be explained to you in
reading pay attention to this Olga Moreno
said On that occasion
phrases like
Rocío said that the children were going to
cry Tears of blood or that child
needed to leave the house if not I don't know what would have
become of him she said this in this
interview in readings Olga Moreno and in
the court of first instance and in the
provincial court of Madrid whether it is
considered freedom of expression or
whatever okay this would be the second
demand you have been clear no this
second lawsuit has already been dismissed
for Rocío Carrasco in the first
instance in Alcobenda and in the
provincial court of Madrid the
final sentence of the supreme court is missing that we go
if my calculations do not fail me if the
provincial court issued its sentence
in February 2020 we are entering
2023 during next year I would say
that at any moment we would already have
the sentence of these people Okay now
comes the magic the third lawsuit I
have to tell you that this third lawsuit
that is supposed to have been filed or was going to be
filed at the end of 2019 nobody knows anything
about it nobody knows anything about this third
lawsuit this third lawsuit is for this
cover But I insist nobody knows anything about
this third lawsuit nobody no media I
mean I don't know if in the courts there is a
lawsuit but there is nothing if there is
someone who finds something
send it to me but no media gives information
about this lawsuit nor any nor any
of my contacts that I have been able to
ask have any information about
this third lawsuit the only
information there is about this third
lawsuit is that in vanitatis they announced
that it was filed  but not admitted for
processing which can't be because the
civil lawsuit is always admitted for processing but
nothing is known but for me this
lawsuit doesn't exist okay for me this
lawsuit doesn't exist It's the typical lawsuit that appears in a
newspaper headline The typical
lawsuit that is announced but doesn't exist
okay so people can celebrate it
like a victory or something like that And
today How many lawsuits is
this organization filing against them Olga deserves it all you take
Olga for being bad you know but the fact is that she's
winning them all for me this lawsuit is a
bluff I mean there isn't anything
this lawsuit isn't there So this lawsuit is
chimpum and now we move on to the fourth
lawsuit the fourth is for
Olga Moreno's interview On sálvame deluxe what
Olga said on sálvame delux
big brother the brother program here
Olga what she's saying okay is that
a lot of things are being said about Rocío
Flores that aren't fair that it
hurts her that they compare Rocío Flores to
a girl who's an older sister for being violent
aggressive I wouldn't be sitting here she
's not a violent or aggressive girl if that
were the case  Well, she wouldn't be
sitting here because she considers that she's
sitting here to stand up for Rocío. She's
come to ask you, what's going on? My
mother doesn't love me. She asked her this.
This is an objective fact that
she's telling us. Her experience could
easily be an experience that she
has no proof of because it's a
conversation that the two of them had at
home and that can't be proven and it's
not recorded. I mean, if the girl
asked her that, what does she want her to do?
And what did I
say to her? Nothing bad, nothing bad, I mean, she
's not saying anything bad
to just anyone on the street. It's not going to be
left to your children. Do you think
Rocío Carrasco is happy? She can't be
happy. You think Rocío Carrasco is
happy and Olga says she can't be happy. She
's not signing, she's not accusing, she's not
charging anything, okay? And she continues with the
battle. She doesn't understand anything,
absolutely nothing. When do the children find out?
Rocío Carrasco asks for jail time
for her father.
This is a fact. This is a fact. You'll see,
true,
dad. Don't worry, we
're with you. It's been a very hard year,
this is a family experience. I mean  that there is
no other option, putting up a sign of
abuse, she is accusing the
abusive father here Olga, who is not
slandering or making up
absolutely anything but on top of that she
is doing it with respect, okay,
all doors are closed, it doesn't matter to her
but she can keep one, my
husband cannot be my tourist, there are too
many demands,
you can't I mean, like, but come on, but not a [ __ ] joke but come on, not a [ __ ] joke this pill, we don't talk about the mother, the mother has never been spoken of badly, let it be said, let it be clear that you have never spoken badly of the mother in her
house, of course,
because of many things that have happened that I'm not
going to comment on, but help, do you like
Fidel, no, nothing I mean, you are completely
free to like Fidel, that you don't
like him or so what happens is that you have to like him by all
means, nothing bad okay,
last trials the child goes and you go with
the child by the hand, we are there
the mother is like here, tell about the
child, okay, here, tell about the child, I mean,
this is in the lawsuit made, we will
see what justice says about this
fact, okay, here where José is, we will see
fact eh nothing is worth when Rocío David comes out
to greet her nothing and she will pass
But what did the child say to you when
the mother came by and didn't say anything I said it
[Music]
really you are not going to greet your son
And what did he say this This is an anecdote that
she says she has always told her in the
same way I don't think it's a lie
because the truth would have already
contradicted herself in something however Rocio
Carrascosa contradicted herself in millions of
things okay okay here they are talking a
little Antonio Rossi and Beatriz and others not
of the opinion okay I personally in
what we have seen I do not see anything
defamatory what I believe Rocío
Carrasco is demanding here from Olga
more than anything apart from the episode of the
child in court trying to play with that being
a thing that is the word of
one against the other because
surely it will not be recorded because if it
is recorded maybe it can be released or
the video could have been requested in this trial I do not know the truth I do not think that
it is recorded but I do not ignore it
okay here the turning point  of this
lawsuit I would say that it is the episode of the
children's hospital that the child is
admitted and Rocío Carrasco according to Olga
took as long as she could wrap that is
Olga's experience no but the fact is that Rocío
Carrasco says that this is false and she
shows it to you with a bill from the Hotel or I
give a very clear example okay I already have
the bill from the Hotel that I am going to
tomorrow in Barcelona and maybe tomorrow
my lawyer tells me that the
trial is suspended and I won't go or I get sick and I won't go I'm not
saying that is the case nor am I
accusing anyone of anything but there are a thousand
possibilities with which that bill a
bill from the Hotel is not
irrefutable proof that you have been in the
hospital you could have taken the hotel
but maybe it has taken you a couple of days
to arrive because you are busy
because something has come up Olga
Moreno what she says is that Rocío Carrasco
takes five days four three days since
the child was admitted Rocío
Carrasco says no the first thing does not
seem to me an accusation of any fact
that violates the honor of Rocío Carrasco
What happens that  People are going to think she's a
bad mother, that's why they're going to think about it for a
million things, they're going to think about it for
many other things, I don't need to know about that
episode to give my opinion on that, this
episode doesn't affect me at all, what
I think or don't think about Rocio Carrasco, she's
not accusing her of a crime, she's not
insulting her, she's not
diagnosing her with an illness that she doesn't
have or she's bringing to light an
illness that nobody knows about or something like that, in other words, these
are facts
that could violate someone's honor, there's
nothing for me, there's nothing that I don't know that
the fact is false, well, first of all,
Rocio Carrasco says that it's false,
for me personally, Javier
Oliveira, correct me if I'm wrong, but
for me the fact that you have a
hotel bill does not irrefutably prove
that you were in the
hospital, but apart from that, and with
this, I'm done with this lawsuit because this
lawsuit will surely end before the end of
the year, we will have a final sentence.
Rocio Carrasco filed a
lawsuit against him for something similar here with
Matamor and if I'm not mistaken  they were more or
less the same dates or a little
earlier I think Kiko Matamoros's was
a little earlier Well no, it was around
the same date because Kiko
Matamoros's was also around the same date
more or less I don't know if that's why but the
Matamoros team has been dismissed before
okay Kiko Matamoro said
that Rocio Carrasco had missed
an appointment with the Doctor's child and
Carrasco sued for that Kiko
Matamoros and Kiko Matamoros won the lawsuit I
mean if Kiko Matamoros has won it he's
not going to win it Olga that it's
public knowledge that they have a
feud that they have
family problems that they don't get along that they have a
grudge against each other that they have both talked about each
other that Rocio Carrasco has
dedicated I don't know how many episodes to her
telling her that she doesn't have a [ __ ] that her
[ __ ] is too small that she looks at her
fixedly and doesn't dare
look back that she's a coward that she's a
coward that whoever grabs her goes
for it and I don't know what I mean like Of
course I'm completely
sure that they are not going to condemn Olga I bet you something I would dare to bet you but I don't want to bet because I had a trial you can you can be very sure that you are going to win or you are going to lose but maybe in the first instance the judge we are not
in the Lore and he says to you Oh but
this is very delicate Oh but
this has been ugly but I don't
believe it or I mean honestly if the trial
were to take place at the end of December I
think we will have a sentence that
tells us what happened here we have
audio of Olga Moreno for all of you
so that you can share it on Twitter with
all the people who are supporting her
with all the people who have made it a
trend with all the people who do not
swallow the manipulation of
blinded information and for all the
blue tide that wants Olga 10 9 8 7 6 5 let's
see I think there are two that
audio was not that audio was
something else she was talking to me about
something from the scene
Thank goodness I realized it
's that I hadn't realized that she had
sent me  another audio Now listen to me
that audio is worthless what he's giving me he
's explaining something to me about dinner
a recipe about
the spoonfuls that I have to put
listen to me
[Laughter]
that wasn't that wasn't that wasn't that wasn't that wasn't that
wasn't false alarm this was
a false take This was a false take
Hi Javi How are you Good night everyone
nothing I don't usually go anywhere I don't
usually go into your channels But it's
true that I feel the need to
thank you all To all the
Blue Tide For your support I feel
totally grateful and nothing send you a
kiss and that I'm calm that I'm
fine
and nothing Thank you as always thank you for
everything you do for me and my
family
[Applause]
[Music]
what I thought I was to love no longer
existed that kisses are given away on
any corner
I who thought that I was to love it was just a
game but I look at you and I'm dying to
have you